Welcome back, everyone. Let's get straight into the data from this week's rollout.
So we hit 23% adoption in the first 72 hours, which is well above what we forecasted. The team has been incredible.
Twenty three. And what was the forecast?
Twelve to fifteen.
Maria, that's almost double. Why? Tell me you have a theory.
I think the in-app tour did a lot of heavy lifting. We tested a version without it on five percent of accounts and adoption was flat. Tour is doing the work.
That tracks with what I'm seeing in support. Tickets are down forty percent week over week, even with way more active users.
Down forty? While usage is up? James, are you sure?
I pulled the numbers twice. It is genuinely down. People are figuring it out without us.
Okay, this is the first feature in two years where the data is better than the plan. So what's the catch?
Honestly? The catch is that we don't know how durable it is. Three days is not a trend. We need another two weeks before I'd call this a win.
And the cost per session is up nine percent. We're going to feel that on the infra bill.
Nine percent. Worth it if adoption holds. Not worth it if it normalizes back to fifteen. James, can you model both?
By Friday.
Good. Maria, beautiful work. Let's keep the champagne on ice.